SHOW UP WITH MY TOTAL FORECAST
IN A COUPLE OF MINUTES.
STEVE:
INVESTIGATORS IN OGUNQUIT
ARE TRYING TO DETERMINE THE
CAUSE OF MASSIVE FIRE THAT
DESTROYED TWO ICONIC BUSINESSES
LAST NIGHT.
IT TOOK EIGHT FIRE DEPARTMENTS
TO PUT OUT THE FLAMES AT THE
BLUE WATER INN AND HUCKLEBERRY'S
.
80 THOMPSON IS AT THE SCENE WITH
THE REASON FINDING A CAUSE WILL
BE CHALLENGING.
KATIE: FIRE MARSHALS ARE TELLING
ME THE STRUCTURE IS SITTING ON
STILTS AND IT IS FAR TOO
DANGEROUS FOR THEM TO GO IN.
WHICH MAY BE WHY WE HAVE SEEN
THEM PUT THIS FENCE UP AND
BOARDED-UP WINDOWS.
BOTH BUILDINGS WILL NEED TO BE
TORN DOWN, CREATING A HOLE JUST
IN TIME FOR SUMMER.
CELL PHONE CAMERAS CAPTURING
HARROWING MOMENTS AS FLAMES GROW
STRONGER.
ALL UNITS ON.
I DO NOT WANT ANYONE IN THE
BUILDING.
KATIE: VIDEO SHOWS THE MOMENT OF
THE FIRE CHIEF ARRIVE TO A FIRE
TOO DANGEROUS TO FIGHT FROM THE
INSIDE.
WE HAD TERRIBLE ACCESS
PROBLEMS BECAUSE OF WIRES.
FIRE AND SMOKE COMING ACROSS THE
ROAD.
WE DID THE BEST WE COULD TO SAVE
PART OF THE NEW BUILDING
OUTBACK.
THERE WAS AN EXPLOSION.
I HEARD SOMETHING.
KATIE:
THE LANDMARK BUILDINGS
ARE IN ATTRACTION OF THEIR OWN
TODAY.
I HAVE NEVER SEEN A FIRE LIKE
THIS.
THAT TIMING IS REALLY TOO BAD.
KATIE: A SLEEPLESS NIGHT FOR
MANY WHO WITNESSED THE BLAZE.
I FELT SAD THIS WAS HAPPENING
IN OUR COMMUNITY.
THIS IS A FOCAL POINT OF TOURIST
ATTRACTIONS.
KATIE: JOBS, INCOME, PROPERTY
LOST.
BUT THERE IS A BRIGHT SIDE TO
THE STORY.
NO LOSS OF LIFE, NO INJURIES.
NO ONE IN THE RESTAURANT OR
ROOMS UP ABOVE.
IF THIS HAD BEEN THE
SUMMERTIME,
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN A DISASTER.
KATIE: THAT IS THE SENTIMENT IN
OGUNQUIT TODAY
.
WHEN THE BUILDINGS BECOME A
BLANK SPACE THIS SUMMER, THEY
WILL SERVE AS A REMINDER THAT
THINGS COULD HAVE BEEN A LOT
WORSE.
THE FIRE CHIEF TELLS ME TWO
FIREFIGHTERS WERE TAKEN TO THE
HOSPITAL LAST NIGHT WITH MINOR
INJURIES BUT BOTH ARE DOING FINE
TODAY.